[Music]
a resistance forces led by general leia
organa flee dakar when a first order
fleet arrives a costly counter-attack
led by poe dameron destroys a first
ordered dreadnought but after escaping
the hyperspace the first order tracks
them and attacks the resistance convoy
po is demoted due to the loss of ships
and disobeying leia kylo ren Leia's son
hesitates to fire on the lead resistant
ship after sensing his mother's presence
but his TIE Fighter wingman destroy the
bridge incapacitating Leia disapproving
of new leader Vice Admiral halt doze
passive strategy po helps fin bb-8 and
mechana crows tico embark on a secret
mission to disable the tracking device
meanwhile rey arrives on actu with
Chewbacca and r2d2 aboard the Millennium
Falcon to recruit Luke Skywalker to the
resistance disillusioned by his failure
to help kylo become a Jedi and under
self-imposed exile from the force Luke
refuses to help even after he learns of
Han Solo's death at the hands of kylo
Ren and believes that the Jedi should
become extinct unbeknownst to Luke Rey
and kylo communicate through the force
puzzling the two enemies as the rival
force users learn about each other each
has future visions of themselves as
partners r2d2 persuades Luke to Train
ray after kylo tells Rey about what
happened between him and Luke that
caused him to choose the dark side of
the force Luke confesses that he
momentarily contemplated killing kylo
upon sensing that supreme leader Snoke
was corrupting him causing kylo to
destroy Luke's new Jedi Order in
retaliation convinced that kylo can be
redeemed ray leaves Ock to to confront
Kyla without Luke Luke prepares to burn
down the Ock to Jedi Temple and library
but hesitates Yoda's ghost appears and
destroys the temple claiming Rey has all
she needs to learn and encourages Luke
to learn from his failure holo reveals
her plan to discreetly evacuate the
remaining resistance members using small
transports believing her actions
cowardly and risky poe leads a mutiny
Finn rose and bb-8 traveled to the Kanto
bike casino and acquire the help of the
hacker DJ who says he can help them
disable the tracking device they
infiltrate Snoke ship but are captured
by Captain phasma though bb-8 escapes
meanwhile Rey lands on the ship and kylo
to Snoke who reveals that he facilitated
the mental connection between her and
kylo as part of a plan to destroy Luke
ordered to kill ray kylo instead kill
Snoke and with Rey defeats snoke's
guards ray believes that kylo has
returned to the light side of the force
but he invites her to rule the galaxy
with him Rey refuses they used the force
to fight for possession of anakin
skywalker's lightsaber which splits it
into Leia recovers and stuns Poe
allowing the evacuation to begin halt
Doe remains on the ship to mislead
snoke's fleet as the others flee to an
abandoned Rebel Alliance based on crate
DJ reveals the resistances planned to
the first order and the evacuation
transports are slowly destroyed hold o
sacrifices herself by ramming herself at
Snoke fleet at Lightspeed Rey escapes in
the chaos while kylo declares himself
supreme leader
bb-8 frees Finn Andros who escaped after
defeating Captain phasma and joined the
survivors on crate when the first order
arrives poe finn and rose attack with
old speeders rey and Chewbacca draw the
TIE fighters away with the Falcon while
Rose stops Finn from completing a
suicide run against the enemy siege
cannon which penetrates the resistance
fortress Luke appears and confronts the
first order to allow surviving
resistance members to escape kylo orders
the first orders forces to fire on Luke
but to no effect
he then engages Luke and a lightsaber
duel Luke tells kylo he will not be the
last Jedi kylo strikes Luke but realizes
he's been fighting Luke's force
projection Rey uses the Force to help
the resistance escape on the Falcon Luke
exhausted dies peacefully on octave his
death is sensed by Ray and Leia
but leia tells surviving rebels that the
resistance has all it needs to rise
again
[Music]
you